It's the Dunham family!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
How are you, Steve?
It's good
to see you.
Jeff,
how you doing, man?
All right.
Welcome to --
So, wait, wait, wait.
B-Before we, uh,
you introduce us
or I introduce them,
there's somebody that wants
to come out here and help.
Okay.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, hello,
Steve.
Yeah, uh,
we've actually met before.
Yeah,
we've met before --
some other show
that you're on, too.
How -- How old
are you, man?
How old am I?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't?
You know you can't tell
your age in show business,
'cause then
you don't get parts.
Really?
Yeah, you --
you know that.
Anyway, Steve, I just wanted
to come out here and say hi.
I love the show.
Do you really?
I do.
I love the show.
You know, why am I talking
to him like he real?
[ Laughter ]
I'm so caught up --
I'm like --
I'm like
I'm into this dude, man.
You know what?
What?
I-I feel the same way
when talking to you, Steve.
Oh!
It's like
you're actually there.
[ Laughter ]
So Walter wanted
to come out here
and help introduce the family.
Is that all right?
That'll be perfect.
Let's do it.
Okay, good. Okay.
So, h-how do you do this?
You go,
"Hey, this is so and so,"
and just
move down the line?
Well, I mean, Walter,
you came out here...
Yeah.
...so don't --
do you know everybody?
Do you think it was my idea
to come out here, Steve?
[ Laughter ]
I mean, but do you know
these people?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, of course I do.
What do you think?
I paid for all their colleges.
[ Laughter ]
I know
the feeling.
[ Applause ]
Well, what you do
is just go down the line...
Oh.
...and just introduce
each one of them one at a time.
Okay.
And you -- you try to say
something kind about people.
Oh, oh, okay.
That ought
to throw you off.
That is a tough for you,
isn't it, Steve?
No, it's a tough one
for you.
Okay, I got it.
All right.
You're the angry
old man, so --
I know.
Well,
you're gonna be soon.
[ Laughter ]
[ Laughs ]
Pow!
Hey.
Ha, you're funny.
Ha ha.
[ Laughter ]
Okay.
Well, go ahead, Walter.
Let's meet everybody.
So, Walter, help me --
help us introduce.
Okay, Steve. So, here,
right here, next to Jeff here,
is Audrey,
Jeff's lovely wife.
Yes.
Then his
oldest daughter, Bree.
Hi, Bree.
Yeah.
His middle daughter,
Ashlyn.
Mm-hmm.
And on the end,
the youngest,
little Kenna
down there on the end.
Jeff's family.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Walter,
you did that good, man.
Thanks, man.
Yeah, thanks for that.
Yeah. Thanks for coming, man.
Glad to have you again.
Yeah. Y-You know
how I learned to do that?
Just watching you,
Steve.
Yeah, yeah. I teach
a lot of people stuff.
Yeah.
Hey, Walter, what charity
are you playing for?
Oh. Go ahead, Walter.
You know this.
Yeah, well,
Audrey told me.
It's, uh, Baby2Baby.
That's good.
Yeah, it is.
And it benefits, uh, kids that
are from low-income families,
and they get all the stuff
that they need like diapers
and all the stuff
for kids.
Great.